[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai.
[BUU]
Woo-hoo! Woo-hoo!
[NARRATOR] The newly unfettered
Majin Buu, having killed Babidi,
grew even more destructive.
[BABA]
But your remaining time
is actually less
than 30 minutes.
If I were you, I'd be packing
my bags and saying my goodbyes.
Come on, Baba!
It can't be 30 minutes.
[gasps]
I burned through more
time than I thought.
[NARRATOR] With only a
short time left on Earth,
Goku began training
Trunks and Goten,
attempting to teach them Fusion,
a maneuver that just might
be the secret weapon
the boys need to
take down Majin Buu.
First, step three paces
back from each other
so your arms can
swing free and clear.
Then, put out your arms out,
same direction,
parallel to the ground.
Fu-- Swing your arms
in the opposite direction,
while moving back toward
each other three paces
so you're standing
really close again.
--sion!
Make fists. And pay close
attention to your leg angles.
Ha!
Then, touch your index fingers
and bend like I'm doing.
But remember to keep this
angle going with your legs.
The key is stretching
your outside leg.
Is he joking?
This looks so weird.
[NARRATOR]
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Fusion!
Ha!
[GOKU] No, no, that's not it.
One more time!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN]
Fu--
--sion!
Ha!
[GOKU]
Hmm...
We're still not
there yet, are we?
Your breathing isn't in sync.
We gotta fix that.
Hey, dude.
Is it just me, or is
this totally lame?
[GOTEN]
Mh-hm.
It's not you.
Hey! Go again!
[BOTH yelp]
[BOTH]
Yes, sir!
Fu--
--sion!
Ha!
Huh. Better. You guys are
startin' to get the hang of it.
Come on, let's keep
this momentum going.
We don't have much time.
I hate this.
While we're up here watching
the boys learn choreography,
Majin Buu's down there
running rampant
and causing who-knows
what kind of trouble.
Yeah.
Even if we can fix things
with the Dragon Balls,
we don't wanna
see people suffer.
[yawns]
Buu sleepy.
Buu go beddy-bye.
[DRIVER A]
Huh?
[gasps]
[yelps]
Hey, what's wrong with you?
I coulda run you over!
Huh? Mm...
Tough guy.
Hey, buddy, you hear me?
Hurry up and get outta the way!
Mister, you think me handsome?
Huh? What kinda--?
Do I think you're handsome?
Of course I don't think
you're handsome!
Just when was the last time
you looked in a mirror, buddy?
Come on! Huh?
[growls]
You're-- You're him!
[growling]
Ah no.
[whimpering]
[screaming]
My! That there's Majin Buu!
[WOMAN A screams]
[WOMAN B screams]
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Huh... This nice place.
Buu build house here so Buu
can go nighty-night. Uh-huh.
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
It too noisy.
Buu make more quiet.
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Noisy people go up!
Okay! I take it back!
You're handsome, all right?
Buu make noisy people
into quiet clay.
[laughing]
Yay, Buu!
Now Buu clean up.
Make place good for Buu.
[chuckles]
[BUU]
Now Buu build.
[humming]
[humming continues]
Ahh!
Ha! All done!
[BUU yells]
[screams]
[BUU]
Home sweet home!
[laughing]
[BUU]
Buu home. Ups-a-daisy.
[sighs]
[BUU chuckling]
This where Buu eat
breakfast lunch and din-din.
This where Buu bath time. Ahh...
Feel so nice, Buu like.
♪ Pajama-jama-jama. ♪
♪ Pajama-jama-jama-
jama-jama-jama. ♪
♪ Pajama-jama-jama. ♪
♪ Pajama-jama-jama.
Pajama-jama-jama. ♪
♪ Pajama-jama.
Pajama-jama-oh! ♪
♪ Pajama-jama. Pajama-jama! ♪
Hm.
This where Buu poo.
[grunting]
This where Buu wash face
and brush teeth
and do all things
keep Buu pretty.
Minty fresh! Make teeth bright!
[sighs]
This where Buu sleep.
[snoring]
Buu sleep good.
Ah, just what Buu needed!
Okey doke.
Super strong guy say
other super strong guys
come in two days to fight.
Hm. Hm...
Buu bored. What do till then?
Ah! Buu go clobber
lots more cities now!
Here I go!
[CHICHI groaning]
Gohan! Gohan!
Chichi, get a hold of yourself.
Still hasn't recovered from
hearing about Gohan dying, huh?
Oh, the poor thing.
Baba, how much
more time does Goku
have before he has
to leave us again?
[BABA]
Hm.
Well, it all depends
on Goku's energy,
but I'd say he has 15 minutes.
Whoa, that's it?!
Hey, Chichi, you hear that?
You gotta wake up now!
If you don't, I'm afraid you'll
never get to see Goku again!
[GOKU] All right,
one more time, from the top!
Now, stretch out
your arms and go!
One, two.
--[GOTEN, TRUNKS] Fu--
--[GOKU] One, two. One, two.
[GOKU]
One, two. One--
Huh? What's wrong,
Trunks? Why'd you stop?
Because we look
ridiculous doing this.
Huh? Ridiculous?
Are you kidding me?
This technique's
seriously powerful.
The Metamorans who taught it
to me became crazy strong
when they did it.
How cool is that? Hm?
Maybe.
But what'd really be cool
is if you showed us how you
turn Super Saiyan Three!
I was getting the Dragon Radar
so I didn't get to see
you do it last time!
Me too! I wanna see some
Super Saiyan Three!
[GOKU]
Uhh...
Come on, wouldn't it
be a whole lot better
for us to learn how to
turn Super Saiyan Three
than to waste all afternoon
practicing some
goofy dance moves?
Yeah!
If we're Super Saiyan Three,
we'll beat Buu for sure!
[BOTH laughing]
No, you won't.
The only way you two
can possibly defeat him
is if you merge using Fusion.
Do not underestimate Buu.
You think that's true?
Okay. Back to your training.
[BOTH groan]
[GOKU]
Hmm...
What to do?
Fine, just this once
I'll give you guys a demo
of Super Saiyan Three.
[gasps]
Really?
[GOKU]
But in return,
you gotta work extra-hard
at your Fusion training.
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Uh-huh, uh-huh!
Don't do this, Goku!
You'll burn through all the time
you have left on Earth!
It's not like I've got
that much more time anyway.
Okay, you guys.
Now, watch closely.
[PICCOLO gasps]
First up, I go Super Saiyan.
[BOTH]
Mh-hm.
Next comes the level
beyond Super Saiyan,
which I actually call
Super Saiyan Two.
[BOTH]
Huh.
Then...
[GOKU yelling]
[grunts]
[BOTH yelping]
[ROSHI grunting]
Gah! What's this?
[BOTH screaming]
[yelling]
[gasps]
[BOTH gasp]
And this, boys, is what Super
Saiyan Three looks like.
[gasping]
[TRUNKS]
That is so cool!
So cool!
[chuckles]
What's wrong?
Oh no!
Goku!
[panting]
I'm fine, Piccolo,
don't sweat it.
Now for your end of the deal.
Let's get back to
the Fusion training.
[BABA] All right, Goku.
Time's just about up.
Gotta go back to Otherworld.
Already?
Well, you squandered the last
of the time you were given.
I've warned you a million times.
All right.
Hey, Piccolo, I hate to do this,
but can you take it from here?
Knowing them,
they should finish up
the Fusion training
sometime tomorrow.
But, Goku.
Once I'm outta here,
you'll be the only one
who can teach it to them.
You have to.
All right.
Okay, Trunks and Goten,
it's up to you guys now.
There's nobody else out there
who can defeat Buu
and save the world.
So train your
butts off, you got it?
[BOTH]
Yes!
[OX KING]
Chichi!
Chichi, you gotta get up,
I'm telling you!
Wake up!
Where--? Where am I?
What happened?
There'll be plenty of time to
fill you in on everything later,
but any minute now, Goku's gonna
be heading back to Otherworld!
What?! He's leaving already?!
I'll kill him again!
[ROSHI] It's too bad
you didn't get a chance
to kick back and relax
with us while you were here.
[BULMA]
Goodbye, Goku.
Goku.
I know it sounds funny
telling you to take care,
but take care anyway.
Thanks.
Goku!
[OX KING groans]
Oh, Goku. You can't leave
at a time like this.
What am I gonna do
with Gohan dead?
Chichi, it won't be so bad.
After all, you've still
got Goten, don't you?
Yeah, I know.
But you're sending him off
to get killed by Majin Buu.
That's not gonna happen.
Once he's mastered the
technique he's working on,
there's no chance of him losing.
And don't worry.
When I see Gohan in Otherworld,
I'll tell him you love him.
Guys, I think--
I think Gohan is safe.
He's out there somewhere.
Huh? How come?
[VIDEL]
I guess-- I just have a feeling.
I really wish you were right,
but I'm afraid
it's not possible.
We would've sensed
his energy. Sorry.
Still, how great
would it be if he was?
Yeah, it would be.
Well, come on, Goku.
Let's get going.
[GOKU]
Okay.
[GOTEN gasps]
Hm? Hey, what is it, Goten?
I know.
You want one last hug
from your daddy, don't you?
Is that right?
Well, why didn't
you just say so?
Goten, take good care
of your mom for me.
Hey, it really is time
for you to leave, Goku.
Oh, okay.
So long, everybody!
[ALL shouting]
Gonna miss you guys, but--
I'll see ya when you die!
Ain't that just like him?
To try to go out on
such a morbid note.
[ALL shouting]
[ROSHI]
You know, guys,
between the Super
Saiyan Three thing
and this Fusion business...
...it seems this situation
is past the point
where any of us are capable
of helping the cause at all.
Yeah, I guess this
time there isn't much
for us to do besides--Eh,
let's see here.
Yeah--sit on the sidelines
and watch the fight.
[chuckles]
Oh, that's not necessarily true.
I'm sure there must be
something we can do.
Well, that's the game.
Ta-da!
[ROSHI, KRILLIN]
Ugh! Agh!
[chuckling]
Huh?
[DEAD SOULS chattering]
[ATTENDANT OGRE A] Please
proceed in an orderly fashion.
Whoa! I've never seen
this place so busy!
Ah!
Ow!
Hey, how 'bout a little heads-up
next time you stop suddenly?!
[GOKU groaning]
Are you sure you made
the right call back there?
I mean, really, entrusting
the fate of the planet
to little boys is risky.
I know what those kids
are capable of,
and I've got complete
confidence in them.
As long as they get
the hang of Fusion,
they can definitely
beat Majin Buu.
I guess it makes sense.
After all, Earth should be
protected by the people
who actually live
on Earth, right?
[GOKU]
Mh-hm.
Okay, Goku.
I assume you can make it the
rest of the way on your own.
Yup, thanks. Bye-bye, Baba!
You're quite welcome.
See ya later.
Hey, don't be a stranger.
You should drop by
once in a while. Bye!
[DEAD SOULS chattering]
[DEAD SOUL A] Hey, whadda ya
think you're doing? No cuts!
[DEAD SOUL B] Are you kidding
me? I was in front of you!
Hey, you over there, I see you!
No cutting in line!
Do you hear me? No cutting!
Everyone, please stay
in a single-file line!
What's going on? I've never
seen it like this before.
Uh?
Hey, you there!
Sorry, you'll have to
forgive me, I'm in a rush!
[ATTENDANT OGRE B]
Uh.
[grumbles]
[ATTENDANT OGRE C]
Next in line.
[YEMMA]
Hmm...
[GOKU]
King Yemma! King Yemma!
[YEMMA]
Oh. Goku, it's you.
You're back sooner
than I expected.
Hate to barge in, King Yemma,
but there's something important
I have to ask you, sir!
First, tell me what the heck
is happening on Earth.
[grunting]
Just look at the number
of dead souls!
And they just keep coming
and coming, one after another.
Well, it's kind of a long story.
Actually, there's
a decent chance
just about every earthling's
gonna wind up here pretty soon.
What?!
[GOKU yelping]
But forget about that.
Right before this crazy
flood of earthlings
started pouring in here,
do you by any chance remember
a young guy named "Gohan"
passing through this place?
He's my son, you see,
and he's missing.
Gohan, hm...
Just a second.
Hmm... Gohan.
Gohan. Gohan. Gohan.
Nope.
The kid hasn't been here.
And come to think of it, if your
son had shown up at my desk,
that's something I'd
be sure to remember.
So then... that must mean...
He's not dead! Ha-ha!
Gohan's alive!
Yes, however,
we did have a real piece of
work come in here earlier.
Name's Dabura.
King of the Demon World.
[grunts] Dabura?
[YEMMA] Yeah, imagine
him turning up dead.
Now normally I'd send a creep
like him directly to Hell.
Ha, ha.
But, you know, Hell's an awful
lot like the Demon World.
He'd feel way too at home there,
so I sent him to heaven instead,
just to mess with him.
[chuckles] That's awesome!
Thanks for your help! Bye now!
[GOKU]
Yahoo! Gohan's still alive!
That Videl girl's
intuition was spot-on!
Guess we shoulda
listened to her.
Woo-hoo!
My boy took on Majin Buu
and he survived!
Well done. I'm so proud.
Hm?
What I don't get though...
is how come I couldn't sense
even a hint of his
presence back on Earth.
What was that about?
Uh?
It's Gohan's energy!
I'd know it anywhere!
That's Gohan!
But why would I be able
to feel his energy here?
Huh, where is he?
He's not in Otherworld
or at King Kai's place.
So where could he--?
Ahh.
Yippee, yippee! Yippee, yippee!
Yippee, yippee! Yippee!
Yippee, yippee!
Hm. That so fun!
What Buu make go bye-bye now?
Yahoo!
Buu make more city go boom!
Buu make every city boom!
[laughing]
[NARRATOR] As Majin Buu's
rampage continues,
off on the World of the Kais,
at the far reaches
of the universe...
[GOHAN grunting]
[NARRATOR]
...Gohan is hard at work,
practicing with
the mighty Z-Sword.
While at the Lookout, the boys
resume their Fusion training.
Hurry, Gohan, Goten, and Trunks.
Only you can save the Earth
from total destruction--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOKU]
Hey, it's me, Goku!
What the heck are you
doin' out here, Gohan?
I've been lookin'
all over for you.
Are you doing some kind
of super-secret training
with Supreme Kai
and what's-his-face?
[PICCOLO] Goten! Trunks! You've
gotta learn this Fusion now!
[GOKU]
Next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] I wonder how good
I have to get with this Z-Sword
before I can
defeat Majin Buu.